Optimize abstracts of ISS (CQA) (#4941)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_inter-server-synchronization-configurations.adoc

= {ISS} configurations

[role="_abstract"]

> Depending on network connectivity between upstream and downstream servers, you can synchronize content over HTTPS with network sync or by exporting and importing archives when servers are air gapped.

Author: ```suggestion
Depending on network connectivity between upstream and downstream {ProjectServer}s, you can synchronize content over HTTPS with network sync or by exporting and importing content when servers are air gapped.
```
